how was your Saturday mine was very
good fear of [ __ ] great great I've been out
there it's left me just
thinking about some pictures and it uploaded and uploaded yes
worked just to take some
pictures and I put it on the side to upload
on Instagram it uploaded them to my Twitter
to change the pinned tweet I mean I
changed my pinned tweet so please
okay please everyone
go give it a like and rt okay after
changing the point the point is that I no longer
like seeing your tuned that we had I no longer
felt comfortable with it
I didn't feel identified identified
well actually if it's not it's not that
but come on and that's it and in fact it
was in the afternoon it was sleeping taking a nap
you know it's not compatible
for me to be awake in the morning and
in the afternoon too I mean one of two one
of two everything forward you can't
already activate the heavy alert you see
welcome to Daniel I have already lowered the
volume that turns off the volume for a moment
because I was listening to copyright music it's that
I am very intensive
I am very intense well let's see let's see
a clip that lets me  last night just to see okay
we're going to see it today and it seems that
the blond one is no longer shy about
making fun of wind and that when making fun of
windows it's the blond one who was acting
crazy whenever since it's inevitable
since it's inevitable look at wind and he
mentions the blond man what do you want the most
is the blond he's making fun of wind and
lately on a couple of occasions
since well in fact recently we were
watching how they drew it not that I
missed anything there will be if we just
started thank you very much for the super
sheikh or recently we were
also watching how they played a
drawing game that has become very
fashionable among the outsiders and the blond one
suggested drawing wind and this is already a
school that I was not expecting at all and
this time it may turn out to be a
joke of today's idea to the wind and
okay let's see it I have not seen
absolutely anything ok have you sent me
the clip by email you know that you
can send me everything you want by
email or above all by email or by the
forum okay I pay a visit to the forum
every night  going to bed I see the
new things that you put ok me
chavalería dot com
this rosemary thank you very much
thank you very much and right now we are going to implement
the store in the chavalería the
ghost the ghost which is a ghost
and here trying to pronounce in English
as if it were a complicated name
freedom in the lack has called me very
well I have changed the tweet fixed or face
rolling with laughter it has
been everything it has been all a job the
day does a full day engineer
Javier immediate nation already you much more
salary is much more it had been very
complete very complete I went
down has taken a couple of photos it was
a lot of turns around Seville
where I took two photos exactly
mel has edited it is sent to my friend
Cristina Franco welcome welcome
welcome welcome today it's not that I do
n't know why the hell I get paid for doing what I
do yes I don't deserve it at all
sends him measurements and that basically I
got up from sick leave for churro taking the
dog down takes a drive with the car because
everything could be seen pavilion too many already three
photos I have sent them to my friend
Cristina Bernal from  16 years old he edited them for me
in the afternoon while I was
taking a nap and he uploaded it and
change this and it appears to me a
very full day it is that I do not know I do not know
what else do you want I am tired I
am tired yesterday
you start my father well the kids
soon we are going to make the [ __ ] store okay we
already have to send it to be reviewed so that
everything is perfect you know
that I am very careful with that but well that is
what you have been looking at look at it you
see our team of the
page kids Alan from disconnected
punished Castilla look how they catch you or
disconnected they do
not fix the [ __ ] [ __ ] lately
okay it is I achieved it right now taking
a turn around the forum will be
there taking a look done with a view
to what you are doing okay but nothing
I have basically done I am going to
ask him to put this to be
ordered automatically in order that it
is of that it appears higher on him and
is not the topic that has received the
most recent message so that because I go in
every night I take a look at
this and  so arms what do you send me and
how for example I found out about the
blond Paula
how many members are we before the
blond veil okay I'm
going to see how many members we are I say
breeder thank you very much welcome god
since people are becoming members
a teacher is that I wanted and how I wanted to
connect you don't know what
happens on many occasions sometimes
the microphone is too high no no no I'm
seeing that it doesn't reach the red line it
cuts off it cuts off because the cable
now it's that I put the cable
too dense man without warning me if it
cuts but don't give it a meter okay since
later because the others I don't trust
that sometimes you know what happens
welcome welcome to the last member
who has been to finish in time to
generate things and he no longer greeted us let's see
if I fix the electricity Angels Olano
and that since I'm recording with electric
light with the street las this yes with the
ps many times I'm recording videos
for the main channel here in the
afternoon only in the morning whatever and
suddenly I find myself really I'm
recording and they usually alert me
you know why because people start to
become a member many times or they start
giving super chat or donations but
welcome
when live which is totally
valid because if at least you are a
member because you renew or
because you want to
because you want to see some live, some
summarized live or whatever, not
some lawyer of someone who wants to
sue me and that to review the live streams
does not stop to put double the number
of videos even if it is the same not in the
complaint I do not know this is also done a
lot to current members 2633
we have finally left 2200 we were
stuck it has
cost us it has cost us a lot
thank you guys soon to 3000
next goal 3000 braulio
welcome
or so it was priced at a gum
well I think after
seven minutes of recording I think it is
time to start with the subject no that yes that yes that yes that yes I have to
tell you
one thing apart from the pinned tweet and that is that
this also what I said in the second
click that we are going to see today okay but well I
say it here too the chocas has
surpassed the blonde so you can see that they have
nothing  what to see or rather the number of
subscribers and the number of famous people
you are and so on it all depends on the
engagement it
depends on the engagement that each
one has the blonde has surpassed
chocas has surpassed the blonde in
subscribers of tweets paying members
okay what does this mean what does
this mean that anyone can hello
javi hello sofia okay hello sofia
thank you very much does this mean that we
can surpass the blonde too because
because it doesn't depend on how famous you
are it doesn't depend on what
people want
what people want I'm sure
that this extract is going to be seen by one hundred thousand
people so of those 100 thousand people
if 15,000 want to spend the
same as a piece of gum because it
costs the same with gum did you know
down here next to the
subscribe button you have to join you click it and
massey happy
makes me happy
richard very well very well you know that
totally the one who doesn't do it
because they don't want to is worth what you can
you can enjoy many benefits you are
all welcome you can now enjoy
many benefits such as
being here in the chat because this  it's
for members adrián thank you very much watch
the live streams in full and without ads
have everything there everything everything at hand
saeb it's the best and on top of that well that's the
price of bubblegum but then there are
more with more benefits at the highest I
follow you I follow you I would
pay because I would follow myself
well the case I think that nine
minutes of intense well after
insulting me in the comments people gave
people enjoy me in the comments
thanks marcos there seen that youtube has
implemented clips for vegeta and willy what
live how good dubbing dubbing of
the roosters welcome back I was already a
member of alces well how good how
good because it will be a test and
surely in a month or two we will have it
everyone pedro carvalho
thank you very much I really think that youtube
should get its act together on things that
have tweets alejandro welcome and
the clips are very good I like it I like
the clips because you can
take clips of mine although then there are
twitter accounts no often changes it doesn't look
great on you lollipop a thanks now talk about
my light well let's see
what can look bad on me a shitty
face  scrub
wondered what could look wrong on me
Alfredo thank you very much and basically the thing
about the clips is fine let's see there are accounts
on twitter airplane and he'll tell me out of
context because I'm sick of laughing
stop with the nonsense for blondes my
hobby
if the chocas has been able to we who are
less there are four thousand one hundred
people here right now and we have just
started live this when I summarize it
surely someone who does not need to be
live to become a member
that you can become a member when you are
watching done right now those of you who are
watching this summarized that surely
50 or 100 thousand people will see it to be the
members everyone so that this
channel continues going forward and so that you
can see all the summarized live shows and
for the tops the tops I follow them they
are moderators of bichat Gabriela
welcome okay headed for the clips I
like I like the 2 click thing they have to
fix it urgently let's see if you can
give it some stick somewhere in
some chat that you see there on Twitter
or YouTube
on YouTube or tag on YouTube a lot
in  twitter that you couple now here in the
street lab I imagine that will be a
string thing the more than youtube is worth
that I couple náquira so that here in the
chat you can see the personalized nicknames
of the channel that we have 36 nicknames okay
you and you see them while we are
live but
and here they are not seen in the program you have to
update it already and I don't know what else
you miss here to be
able to give away subscriptions
welcome to be able to give away
subscriptions memberships that is why you also
have an advantage over us if they could be given away we would
have much more underworld
thank you very much to thank you very much to all of you who
are becoming members well a
12 minute intro
jl banda a 12 minute intro and
then people insult me ​​uncle sam I'm going to
react to a click of one minute with 52 I
'm going to react to a click of one minute
with 52 and we have put an intro here
of 12 minutes is that this gives for a video, I mean
this is a video of the
entire main channel the intro of my
secondary channel is a video  found out about my
main channel or 12 points minutes
well amaya the thing is that eni
welcome the thing is that the blond
was with ibai joking around the rugby
cornet week and the other one with the cola cao
because this schedule is perfect for me
haha ​​being in Mexico super comfortable well let's
see you know that this is a
bit relative the subject of the schedules on
this channel but well if they are going to be given away you
know I would do it if they are going to be given away
we will have more but well little by little today
whoever can I have put all the
possible prices okay is whoever can
even if it's with the minimum with which it is worth I don't
know how many cents hey
welcome okay we already have it I've been
saying it since I found out that
he is the boss he had it we have to get
to 15,000 well the blond obviously
sponsor his sponsor memories dude
the people want you too haha ​​no to the
people I haven't gone I have gone to the airport
the airport extending a video from one
minute to more than 12 this is part 12 he didn't
go around you're not anymore and that's why I
see you giving away  subsidy when I can
I'm freaking out with team lately in
a team of toxin of the blonde and the cola
cao sponsors and vice okay
to me who sponsors me in the quick is
much better or rather literally the
cola cao cannot be drunk cold it
can only be drunk you have to make it very hot
so that there are no groups you have to put it by myself I burst
when I drink a cola cao I
burst it lopez steven thank you very much I've
done a lot with my face I make it
black almost okay and I stir it a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot I do
n't
like lumps rai thank you
very much thank you very much I
hate hate groups I don't like
groups there are people who like groups I do
n't like groups I like them it takes
care of me better
okay and in short they were joking and such
and over here when they finish joking
with the sponsors when the
movement starts trying to sink chaval and font
for this I'm going to back this up but I'm
going to make a song about how they
tried to sink me and then okay here
the group starts with the joke of they're
trying to sink me  sink kids they are
boycotting me those of carelessness
ibai and vice their subjects are
trying to sink me kids and vice their
subjects are trying a saying there
thank you very much
but we will endure we will endure the truth
we know what a
reference to nothing here thank you very much what a
change here of my holy holy
moly super hollis with the lime
wow he doesn't know what cola cao is
and you're getting involved
I'm not telling the truth only and
purely the truth
I'm saying what nobody dares to
say okay holy werritty verified
and verified super holly
where it me verification
[ __ ] up
what's better
[Laughs]
I know that many times to you who are more
than here that every time
a super kids member sends me and such you
are talking to them okay but I do not
understand when I see when you plot and
react to clicks of all the
streamers,
I mean, few are the ones that separate to
listen to the super chat it is that they do not
listen to the super chat why the [ __ ] do you
put it
why the [ __ ] put the alert is that  they
completely ignore it, it seems like
background music is playing, it's already playing, Danny,
welcome, you
're making fun of it, wind ilune,
thank you very much, but damn, wait a
minute, whatever was said, listen to it,
answer, continue, or Javi, I thought he
was, he's bald, wait you are,
haha,
you were just as funny as if I were a
loser or already existing about eta, no,
and people are applauding, great
the other day what happened to be what was that, what
happened or blond, please,
oh, this nonsense makes me angry, God, it
makes me angry
where are you coming from, if you're if they're
naming you've already been going on for 30 seconds, 30
seconds longer because the one who sent this
video, the fartac and a little piece in front,
but let's go, we've been
doing this whole [ __ ] reference for almost a minute,
what's coming now that he
starts saying like this, where did I hear that, what was it, what was the glass or I saw it, I don't know where, and I know it perfectly well, he knows it perfectly well with this nonsense, these people, how cool it was from April and not me in these 90s, I at this moment of faith,
where is it
[Laughs]
I at this moment
buy bots  and the programs so that
when someone uploads a photo or when
there is a stream to give
massive reports ten thousand reports wind is
live let's activate the button to
make 10,000 reports and take down his
live take the risks for the damn
[Music]
social networks
are [ __ ] up my career okay
[Music]
but not in his live
okay thanks to Eduardo I haven't had
time to get nauseous nap and see things I
can't just joke Javi my love I love you my
weapon okay king I forgive you listen to this explain myself
explain this to myself that I'm a
bit of a boomer okay
this in fact what does it mean is that I've
seen many videos that make this
montage that they put on a video first and
then they put on this what does that mean
after
not
this scene what does the noria Haiti mean
or you've already got me up to my neck
it's a kill from Call of Duty but little
else but what is the meaning
Dabiel Nate I thank you very much
welcome
[Music]
thanks to Gonzalo
the archangel Gabriel is going to punish you
all  guys everyone
everyone
google google the name of
we have to react to that video
superbowl and one day and I have to try
I'm going to try to pronounce the
words like she did fest fester you
were already a member what happened and never what
happened will make me stronger your
subscription has gone oh my god hey
guys what do you think and in fact what do you
think about this you
then complain let's see complain as such
not to complain I don't remember
that she complained she made fun of her and
ran her off and I don't know what to do pictures with her but as much as complaining like I mentioned her or rather she reads the noise she has to be in a position to be mentioned so much in so many places that there will come a time when she will sweat he
supports no
ok
the meaning is
for that is what 100 grams are spent
I think that the montage of the cot is epic
but what does the montage mean please I'm
not going to stop this extra until
someone explains it to me please
windy starts yelling the archangel hey
but let's see one thing  already a fraction of, I mean, it's
not worth it to watch everything.
The scene is funny, the room will be amazing,
the scene with Wind and I can't get over it, I can't
get over it and he wants to call the
archangel. That seems really heavy to me.
Okay, like I remember from Vietnam. I
remember from Vietnam.